hi I'm Fernanda and I wanted to make
this video because I recently created my
first capsule wardrobe for project 333
in case you don't know what it is
project 333 is a minimalist fashion
challenge in which you live with 33
items of clothing or less for a period
of three months it is an experiment with
living with less stuff in enjoying the
stuff that you have that's buttercup by
the way she has chosen to be here but
not participate she'll be doing this so
there are some basic rules when starting
a capsule wardrobe for project 333 the
first is wood cats you count everything
including outerwear shoes jewelry and
everything you put on your body which
doesn't count is underwear lounge wear
pajamas a workout clothing those kinds
of things rule number three is that the
rest of your clothing you are supposed
to box off and put it away so that you
don't actually see it and number four is
that every three months you essentially
go through your closet again create a
new capsule wardrobe and start over I'll
put the link to the project's website in
the description box below in case you're
interested in reading more about it so
one of the things that attracted me to
the project is that they really stress
that it is not a project in suffering so
if you need to create a version of
version of it that works better for you
you're more than welcome to do so that's
kind of what I did I cheated a little
bit because I didn't count jewelry
outerwear and that's it so without
further ado let me show you the pieces
that made it into my first ever capsule
worker
that's it for this video I hope you
enjoyed watching it i will put a link to
my blog down below and guess you're
interested in knowing a little bit more
about my process i'll go a little bit
more into detail about how i did it and
what pieces i chose and why please feel
free to leave me any comments feedback
suggestions or questions down below if
you have tried project 333 i would love
to know what you think because i
actually don't know anybody in person
who has also done it thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you next time
bye